Send it in
Persian Starry Crown
Isn't that the most precious and priceless treasure in the world?
Dear
Is that true? Did you get them?
Don't believe me anymore
Of course I believe
It's just that this starry sky crown is the treasure of Persia
Passed down for thousands of years
It's not for takeout.
No matter how expensive things are in this world
As long as I want it, it is his glory.
Uh, yeah.
Starry sky crown to idle people and other side dishes
The Name of Dr. Feng Prince
Dr. Jiang National Treasure Starry Sky Crown
Dedicated to Jianzhong students
Congratulations on witnessing a century-long relationship between the school and his wife
Grow old together
Thank the Prince of Persia for my kindness, Mr. Jianjun
It can be inadvertently chaotic with Mr. Jian's lineup
Mission accomplished
I'm going to retire
This crown
The woman who is not my Li Wushuang's lifetime
Not to be worn.
Jiang Bingyao
You are willing to be the woman of my Li Wushuang's lifetime
Will you marry me?
I would like to, I would like to